so we're all set to an chances to
high-powered tack light torches for
spotting the bunnies and a buggy with
other ideas eventually we're off and Dom
gets off to a flying start but it's not
quite up to crows high standards speed
is the key demanding mr. crow you must
have pulled off a bit I was a bit
concerned there for a toy and knowing
rabbits running and the enemy fired a
shot so I get a bit concerned there but
he's made up for his there's three shots
free kill sir was just I wasn't about
the other Norment got a white but still
have to come round on me on tomorrow
night dog is doing well even though the
number of rabbits is disappointing then
Andy spots a fox even with motor running
the Fox comes into Andy's calling it
sits but when the full beam hits it it
runs but it stops just a few yards
further on the headshot drops it where
it stands the 1-7 is a small round but
it is incredibly accurate and
sufficiently powerful to drop a fox a
good round where a lot of people go they
shoot him in the throat maybe but I was
not sure if you can show you rabbit out
the 150 yards with a 170
we're gonna have Fox in the head that's
where you want to be shooting I'm not
one for if I can't shoot a fox in the
head with a one seven or one showed it I
won't just give it one out the guts
there's no point
nice shot like Dom's just done their
father so he was just sideways on
it's just crank it right in the top of
the head there and it's just it's much
about it what chances we have crow and
Dom take crows advice to DOM tonight is
to work on shooting the running rabbits
the pest control will be more efficient
once he understands the capabilities of
the one 7hm are don't worry about me
just get on the rabbit and the
crosshairs on the good one seven is
obviously being such a friendship around
if he's in the rabbit he's gonna he's
going to do the job especially at the
front end so he said give it a go and I
have to meet I missed it but much to my
surprise and the rabbits make a support
team every day on our travels we run
into another Fox and he doesn't hang
about and it's number 2 of the night and
he was hoping to bag about 70 rabbits
tonight and it's a real surprise to one
and all that we only managed just over
20 but Dom's happy with his new purchase
and no rabbits being stationary or
rushed to cover will be safe from now on